Add a note about UBI stack images version compatibility (#4536)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/supported-versions.asciidoc

* Kubernetes 1.16-1.20
* OpenShift 3.11, 4.3-4.7
* Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), and Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)
* Elasticsearch, Kibana, APM Server: 6.8+, 7.1+
* Enterprise Search: 7.7+
* Beats: 7.0+
* Elastic Agent: 7.10+
* Elastic Maps Server: 7.11+

> * UBI images are only available from 7.10+

Reviewer: Should we make it explicit that this applies to the certified Red Hat OpenShift Operator version of ECK? I am not sure how many people will make the logical leap from "UBI" to "this applies to the OpenShift certified operator"?

Alpha, beta, and stable API versions follow the same link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api/#api-versioning[conventions used by Kubernetes].

> Elastic stack application images for the OpenShift certified Elasticsearch (ECK) Operator are only available from version 7.10 onwards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Elastic stack application images for the OpenShift certified Elasticsearch (ECK) Operator are only available from version 7.10 and later.
```

> Elastic stack applications images for the OpenShift certified Elasticsearch (ECK) Operator are only available from version 7.10 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elastic stack application images for the OpenShift certified Elasticsearch (ECK) Operator are only available from version 7.10 onwards.
```
